Link previews docs update (#12187)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/link-previews.rst

   Example of link previews addon

Link previews will only be generated for internal links--links that point to pages within your documentation site.

> No link previews will be generated for links to external sites or links that appear in the :doc:`flyout menu </flyout-menu>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No link previews will be generated for links to external sites or links that appear in the outside of the primary content of the documentation page (eg. nav bars).
```

You can see an example of a link preview by hovering over the following link: :doc:`Addons </addons>`.

Enabling link previews
----------------------

#. Go to the new :term:`dashboard`.
#. Click on a project name.
#. Go to :guilabel:`Settings`, then in the left bar, go to :guilabel:`Addons`.
#. Go to :guilabel:`Link previews` and check :guilabel:`Enabled`.

> #. Save your settings and rebuild your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Save your settings -- a rebuild of your project isn't required!
```
